By default UNA script has **Payments** app which is required to process payments. The app which will be used to sell something (for example, **Market**) should be integrated with **Payments** app. In this case **Payments** app undertakes everything related to payment processing while **Market** app should give products info in appropriate format and receive the notification about processed payments. It may be useful if something should be updated (generated) in module's database.

In the same time **Payments** app has a number of Payment Providers integrated by default. For example, **PayPal**, **Stripe**, **ChargeBee**, etc. Payment providers which are activated in Studio -> Payments app will be available to site members who want to sell something in **Market** or some other payments related apps. Each payment provider has it's own class in `modules/boonex/payment/classes/` folder and some data in **Payments** app related database tables. So, if you're a developer and want to integrate some new payment provider in UNA you don't need to recreate the whole **Payments** app, but also you cannot simply put your payment provider PHP class in classes folder of **Payments** app. In this case you need to create your own standalone module which will integrate payment provider you are working with into default UNA's **Payments** app.

First of all you need to create a simple UNA module. You may read more about it [here](https://github.com/unaio/una-vendor-test/wiki). By default you don't need to create pages, menus, etc inside your module, if the payment provider you're working with doesn't require them because of some specific circumstances or features.
Then you need to create a special integration class and register your payment provider in **Payments** app database:
1. Create a class following the [Code Convention](https://github.com/unaio/una/wiki/Code-Convention). The class should extends `BxBaseModPaymentProvider` base class and implements `iBxBaseModPaymentProvider` base interface. If you take a look at `iBxBaseModPaymentProvider` interface you'll see that you need to realize three methods `initializeCheckout`, `finalizeCheckout` and `finalizedCheckout`:
- `initializeCheckout` - is called with **Payments** app before the payment process is handed over to payment provider itself. So, it's needed to prepare the data to be passed to the payment provider.
- `finalizeCheckout` - is called when a response with data was received from the payment provider.
- `finalizedCheckout` - is called in some cases when an intermediate response from the payment provider is received but final data will be received and processed automatically later. By default, this method is realized in `BxBaseModPaymentProvider` parent class. If you don't need this specific functionality then you don't need to overwrite the method in your class.
For more details you may take a look at `BxPaymentProviderPayPal` class (for single payments processing) and `BxPaymentProviderStripe` class (for single and recurring payments processing) in `module/boonex/payment/classes/` folder.
2. To register your payment provider you need to add info about it in the following tables: `bx_payment_providers` and `bx_payment_providers_options`.
- `bx_payment_providers` - one row should be added in this table. It contains information about the payment provider itself: unique name, title, options prefix, class name, class file, etc. In our case it's essential to fill in both class name and class file, that **Payments** app knows which class should be used to process payments from this payment provider and where exactly the class can be found. Use relative path from root directly of UNA script.
- `bx_payment_providers_options` - this table is needed to describe a list of payment provider related options which should be filled in by seller (an owner of payment provider account). The number of options which will be added in this table is determined with the requirements of integrated payment provider.
For more details you may take a look at `install.sql` file in `modules/boonex/payment/install/sql/` folder. You may find registrations and options for all already integrated payment providers there.
